Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Sometimes I forget how serious Boss
takes these night missions.
- I know. right?
It's just a training exercise.
The man needs to calm down.
- Hold up. Pocketman.
Where's Miniskirt?
- She's checking out the front.
Why?
- Well. Boss is all the way back there.
you already took out Painkiller. so...
- So that means Hackawackie
is the only one inside
guarding the flag!
- Exactly! Wait. flag?
- Call it what you want.
this is basically just
capture the flag agent style.
- That's why I'm not good at it.
- How many times have I told
you never let your guard down?
- Go! Get Miniskirt.
You guys can take on Hackawackie.
- Are you sure?
- Just go!
I got this.
- You should've worked together.
Now you're in trouble.
- I can handle it.
- Maybe. But it's always a
bad idea to always work alone.
- Hey!
- We have to hurry.
Boss is right behind us.
Pocketman took out Painkiller
so we just need to get inside.
get past Hackawackie
and grab the medallion.
- I can't see him through any windows
and we have no idea where
they hid the medallion.
- Then may the force be with
us because we're out of time!
- You can go first.
- It's down that hall.
- But that's where Mark is.
He must have made that noise.
- Yeah. That's probably
where the medallion is.
I would assume he is staying close to it.
- Or it was a distraction.
- It's him.
- You won't always catch
your enemy by surprise.
In reality they might
even be waiting for you.
- Isn't this cheating?
You're like the greatest
fighter ever and I'm a nerd.
- Of course.
Your enemy might also physically
be holding what you need.
- Just think about it.
You two stop me and
continue on with Lindsey.
You can't do this all alone.
- I wasn't trying to do it alone.
I just thought I could
have a head start if I...
- Sacrificed yourself?
Stop with the drama.
- I know you're capable.
It's not about that or your skill.
It's about using your resources.
Don't risk your life just to
finish the mission faster.
- I wasn't risking my life.
- It's always a risk
when you are uncertain of
what you're up against.
There are always consequences
for the wrong choices.
I'm not going to. but if I wanted
I'd catch up with the others.
- That looked like it went well.
- He's reckless.
He means well. but he's just so reckless.
- Give him a chance.
Harrison extended the
program for a reason.
He believes in it and
that means something.
And remember Jay. you
were reckless once too.
- Sorry Lindsey.
Looks like you're out.
- Hey. I thought Jay said no M-locks!
- That was last week.
It's no scanners.
Crap. I need
to pay better attention.
- Yes Cargoboy. I know.
You won.
- I'm sorry. I what?
Won.
- I like how that feels.
Winner. winner chicken dinner.
Victory.
- You know. this is what gets
you shot in real missions.
right?
- I'm sorry. did you say something?
I don't speak loser.
- I can still make you do push-ups.
- Yep. sure.
- Wait Cargoboy.
Let me down.
I don't have a key.
Cargoboy! Come on.
- Everyone did the homework right?
- Yep.
-  Yes.
- Good. good.
Outstanding!
- From chapter 16. right?
- Um. no.
Today we will be taking a test on
decoding the Pythagorean theorem
and differential equations.
I've also added a few
questions on the topic of
stochastic adaptive control.
Hmm!
- What?
- This test will count for
10% of your monthly grade.
Trigger warning.
If I get hiccups it is only because
I am so excited for this test!
Any questions?
Can we use a calculator?
- No.
- Can we use the book?
- Can we use scratch paper?
- No.
- Can we use the internet?
- What do you think?
- All right.
Let's all take a deep breath.
It's quiet time.
Begin!
- Hey. eyes on your own screen.
Now!
- I'm not even cheating.
I haven't even started the test.
I can still hear "Begin."
bouncing off the walls in this room.
- Stupid teachers.
All agents
need to be cautious!
In what we can only assume
was the first of many
Sir Longbottom attacks
the entire office led by Tyler
Gennard has lost their lives.
Please be careful since it
appears that Sir Longbottom
can control more than one mind at a time.
- There's a storm coming.
- I stayed up late working on this.
I didn't think I'd get it done in time.
- I know. I worked all
night on this essay.
- Let me see what you got.
- All right.
- What is this?
- I'll be taking this assignment
and we'll be diving
right into the next one!
Dare I ask what my eyes are seeing?
- Sunshine. that's not at all...
- I'm disappointed.
But. I'm always disappointed.
it's nothing new.
- But...
- No. Quiet please!
Today I had planned on going
over the next vocabulary lesson
in the book.
however the Boss himself has asked that
I give you an extra
special research project.
Jay would like you to write a paper
on the history of Sir Longbottom.
This includes birth and known
life achievements up to now.
- Question.
All right. what is it?
- This sounds more like
a history assignment.
- That's not a question.
- I think what Pocketman was...
Pocketman.
Oh gosh.
Sorry. your name is just
ridiculous. whosever it is.
Whichever one of you.
Every time I hear Pocketman
I think about this guy
I knew in high school
who would take mashed
potatoes and put them in his.
it's not important.
What were you saying?
- Anyway. I think what
Pocketman was trying to say was.
why aren't we learning about
Sir Longbottom in a history
class instead?
- Ah. Well. starting
this week you will be.
Diane and I are teaming
up to teach you about
the stranger dangers of Sir Longbottom.
- Shoot.
- I'm out of plain. bland. black coffee.
I'm gonna get some more.
Pick out. read any page in
the book until I get back.
- Any page?
Yeah. yeah.
yeah. blah. blah. blah!
- I swear. she gets crazier every day.
- All right. Let's get started.
What year did Ponce de Leon
discover the fountain of youth?
- Ooh I know this one.
1521.
- That is correct.
- Do I get a Kit Kat bar?
- No. candy quizzes are only on Thursdays.
- Please continue.
This drama queen will get over it.
- But chocolate sounds so good!
- I should have become a lawyer.
All right. Ponce de Leon first
sailed to Florida in 1513
but was unable to find
the fountain of youth.
He decided to return eight years later
and this time was successful.
Soon after. he was brutally murdered
by the only man who has ever
been able to drink from the fountain.
- Let me guess. Sir Longbottom?
- Yes.
- He's been alive for that long?
So the fountain of youth
does make you live forever?
- Not exactly.
One could essentially become immortal.
but not from one drink.
The liquid has a special property
that reverses the aging process.
So your mind remains intact.
but your body immediately changes.
- Take small drinks over time
and you'll always stay young.
That's genius!
- Speaking of genius. Sir
Longbottom has an IQ of over 155.
- Does the fountain still exist?
- About a year after it's discovery
Sir Longbottom destroyed the fountain.
He had quickly learned
how the magic worked
and filled a single vile with the liquid.
- Hey Boss.
- Ooh. no way. our badges came in.
Nice!
- I know this is a big day for you.
- How come mine says Trevor
Doyle and not Pocketman?
- Your name is Trevor Doyle bud.
Did you forget?
- Can't you just be grateful?
- No. it's not that.
It's just I like Pocketman better.
You're lucky you're cute.
- All right agents. listen up.
We are gonna continue
where we left off last week
with our discussion of holograms.
Who can briefly describe
to me the science and
practice making of holograms?
- I got this.
A hologram is a three-dimensional image
that you can see without
the need of special glasses.
It's a recording of a light field.
- Very good.
- Show off.
- Okay.
Who can tell me what
holographic interferometry is?
- A technique that enables
static and dynamic
displacements of objects
with rough surfaces to be measured
to optical interferometric precision.
- It can also be used to detect
optical length variations
in transparent media.
I'm surrounded by know-it-alls.
- Please turn to page 277.
- Holographic weapon sight?
Cool.
- Holographic weapon sight.
or diffraction sight.
It's a non-magnifying
gunsight that allows the user
to see a holographic reticule image
superimposed on the field of view.
- This is boring.
- This is stuff you need to know.
Please read the next
five paragraphs quietly.
When you're done I'll
have worksheets for you.
Any questions?
- No sir.
- Good. Read.
Can I join you?
- Sure.
- I can't believe we've been
married almost four months now.
- It seems like it was just yesterday.
So. what's going on?
- What do you mean?
- I can tell something has you stressed.
- I'm fine.
- Okay. I know you Jay.
and also I'm fine is pretty
much universal code for
I'm not fine.
Is it Sir Longbottom?
- Yeah.
He took out Tyler and his team of agents.
- I thought he was in hiding?
- That's the thing.
No one knows what he's been
doing for the last 30 years.
No one has seen him or
talked to him or anything.
I'm pretty sure he's planning
some kind of attack though.
- Tyler's office is right near here.
You think we are a target!
- I do.
But until we have more information.
I think we should treat the
situation like we're at war.
- Why didn't you tell any of us?
- I didn't wanna freak anyone out yet.
I talked to Harrison
about all this yesterday
and he wants Decker and his
team to stay with us for now.
- Does that include Natalie?
- Diane. it's only because
there's safety in numbers.
- So it does include Natalie.
- That's history.
You know she works for Decker!
Along with two agents and two trainees.
- They have kids too?
- Well. when Harrison extended the program
he branched out and opened a second base.
- I didn't know that.
And I'm proud of everything
that you have accomplished.
No matter what anyone says.
you always manage to do the impossible.
- Thank you.
- All right.
When are they all getting here?
- First thing in the morning.
Hey. is that your mom?
Yep.
- I can see where you
get your good looks from.
Wait. didn't your mom used to date Boss?
- Dude. we can call her Hex!
- Hex?
- It's like a squished
together one heck of an ex.
- That's not bad.
Don't make this weird.
- Too late.
- Just so we're all on the same page.
Decker and his agents
are gonna be staying here
for a few weeks.
There is Fred Spade. Natalie Evans.
and John Rogers.
They also have two
trainees. Caleb and Alice.
- Yeah. is your first
name actually Decker?
- That's just what
everyone always calls me.
My name is Herbert.
- Wow. Okay. I'm gonna call you Decker.
Just curious.
Continue.
- Anyway. there are
gonna be a lot of people
under this roof.
I ask that we are all kind and respectful.
We don't know what to
expect from Sir Longbottom.
but we wanna be ready.
In the meantime. our day-to-day
will basically stay the same
until we have reason to panic.
- So wait. you're telling me
that we might have to panic
because of the size of a man's bottom?
How long could it be?
I'm confused.
- Not really.
Before I answer that does
anyone else have any questions?
- I have a question.
- Yes. Amy.
- Wait Amy?
What are you...
- I followed everyone in.
I wanted to check
and see how your foreign
exchange students are doing?
- My English is much better.
- Yesh. Jayren is vary good learner man.
- Wow. they sound good!
I'm impressed.
You know. I must admit I wasn't
sure you had it in you Jay.
but you proved me wrong.
- Who are you?
- I met these kids when they
first arrived from Uganda.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- She heard them speak. right?
They were literally just talking.
Is this like an education
joke. because if so.
I'm not amused.
- Amy. can I speak to you outside please?
- It was very nice to see you both again.
What was that about?
- She lives next door.
Jay told her we were from
Uganda and can't speak English
to cover up all her
government-related questions.
It was actually kinda funny.
- Did anybody see her come in?
She just popped up.
What are you doing?
- I don't wanna miss this.
- Brutal. That's hot!
- All right. Listen up!
During this time there will be
a lot of us under this roof.
Like Jay said we need you
to take advantage of this
and learn as much as possible.
Classes such as this will be
taken by all of you at once
to try and keep us on schedule.
Decker's gonna take two of you
and I'll take the other three.
Please split up now and we'll get started.
- You two come with me.
- Hey.
We have to give you a nickname.
- No thank you.
- Probably not cool enough anyway. right?
Just messing with you.
- My dad is an agent.
He thinks that this will be good for me.
- The strongest and most skilled fighter
won't be able to beat
the smartest fighter.
Kyle. show me what you got.
During this lesson I won't
throw a single punch.
I'm ready when you are.
- I have really good grades
and I'm really smart.
I just don't like to be social.
Anything that makes me talk out
loud to more than two people
makes my face swell up.
- Yeah. okay.
- Lindsey. you're gonna be attacking
and Trevor I want you to defend.
After a few minutes. we'll swap out
and Caleb you can get a turn.
Let's go.
- This will be interesting.
- Bring it on.
- You can't handle me.
- You're joking. right?
- Kyle. what did we learn?
- How to be embarrassed in front of girls.
- How you can give yourself an edge
by wearing out the enemy.
- Oh.
- If your opponent wastes
their energy early in a fight
you can really change the tide later on.
Alice you're up.
Kyle you defend.
- How do you guys think
Boss's meeting went today?
- You know. I think it went pretty well.
I kinda zoned out part of the way.
But. I mean.
it was good enough.
- It was good enough.
- Remember Brazil?
- Oh my God. you go so sick.
Sean Connery.
- That's who I thought he looked like.
Who?
- Sean Connery.
.
You know what. never mind.
- Not everywhere.
- I have no clue who that is.
- I have no idea.
- I don't know.
He looks kind of like a pirate.
What? John...
- Rogers.
It sounds like I've heard this name.
My goodness.
- Everyone quiet.
Quiet please!
Cargoboy shhh!
- Of course.
Don't worry sir. we will handle this.
Everyone listen up.
There has been a Sir
Longbottom spotting close by.
More agents have been killed
and Harrison wants me to handle this.
- What's the plan Boss?
- Trevor. Mark. and I will
go face Sir Longbottom.
Diane and Decker you will
stay here and be in charge
until I get back.
- I know Trevor is a good fighter.
but is this the best idea?
- Yes. Trevor will be fine.
We need him. and we need
a strong team to stay back
just in case.
- Trevor. get your gun!
- We're leaving right
now before Sir Longbottom
has a chance to move.
- And I would just like to say
that the ham was overcooked.
- Be careful. okay?
- And the potatoes were
missing some much needed salt.
- You're eating pasta.
- Good luck you guys.
Come on out!
I've been waiting for you.
- Okay. he definitely saw us.
- Don't be shy. that's it.
It's Jayden. right?
Now. I know why you're here.
so please keep your
comments to yourselves.
Let me guess.
Oh. yes.
I have the right to
remain silent and so on.
- He's reading our minds.
- Good for you.
Actually. Jayden. I'm only reading yours.
See. I want to know everything about you.
What makes you tick?
Why are you so important?
- I don't think I follow.
- You and I have been
getting in each other's way
for a very long time.
and yet we've never met.
I use people to get what I want.
You make it difficult for
those people to deliver.
Now. I know what you're
thinking. literally.
And yes. Pyro Ed is one of those people.
You see. everybody works
for somebody. except me.
I'm at the top
and you've pissed in my Cheerios!
- He's kind of a jerk.
- Jay. something doesn't
feel right about this.
- It's all right.
- Do you really think you can hurt me?
Jayden. the queen knighted
me. and not because
she wanted to.
- I don't think it matters.
- So naive.
I had hoped you would be
different. maybe even a challenge.
But you're not.
You're average.
You're just like all
the others who have died
merely for breathing in my direction.
Let me show you something.
Just like that. it could be over.
I pull the trigger. you die.
Mark tragically takes his own life
while I rip this child to pieces.
- If we work together we can
finish this before it starts!
- Help!
- Mark!
Are you okay?
What happened?
- It's my leg.
- Are Jay and Trevor both hurt too?
- Trevor and Jay are dead.
- No. you're lying.
- Diane!
- Get off me.
You're lying.
- Diane. get it together.
- Sir Longbottom was more
powerful than we could imagine.
I still don't wanna believe it.
but we were insects compared to him.
- That's enough.
I know you've been through a lot.
but there are children here.
They don't need to hear this right now.
- It's too late for that.
- Trevor is dead?
Why didn't you protect him?
- It just. it happened so fast.
We were completely overpowered.
- We all need to take a minute and relax.
Sir Longbottom is probably
gonna be on the move.
We need to strike when
he least expects it.
- If Mark. Trevor and
Boss couldn't stop him.
then what chance do we have?
- There has to be a way to outsmart him.
- He has an IQ of over 155.
Does anyone have an idea?
- Kyle!
Anyone?
I'm serious.
We're all gonna die.
- How could he be gone. mom?
Why would anyone ever do that?
- It's okay.
Some people are just bad.
You try to change them and you can't.
That's just the way they are.
- What are we gonna do
now that Jay is. you know?
Dead.
- We're gonna call Harrison
and then we're gonna
tell him what happened.
Oh. I wouldn't do that.
- Who the hell are you?
- I'm Rosie.
Sir Longbottom sent me.
Oh. did he?
Easy Diane.
What do you want?
- I just want my master to be happy
and my master wants you
all out of the picture.
Slow down. babe!
Pyro Ed has this whole
place rigged to blow.
If I press this button.
it's gonna get really hot in here.
Face it. who doesn't love a little heat?
I'll be honest. Sir Longbottom
didn't actually tell me
to kill you unless you got in my way.
All he cares about is the shatter stick.
- I'm not about to just give that away.
- Of course not. but that's your warning.
- Wait. what if the shatter stick
is destroyed in the explosion?
- Well then. can I have it?
No. you can't.
- That's a risk Sir
Longbottom is willing to take.
- Was something supposed to happen?
- Dammit Pyro!
- Ah!
I had wondered when you would wake.
Your dreams. they were fascinating.
It's all right.
I didn't give you any injuries
that won't heal over time.
Now to business.
Although I had hoped for more.
you seem like a bright enough fellow.
I'm looking to build an
army and I need something.
- I'm not gonna help you.
- Shut up!
Oh do remember. I can
control your every thought.
- Okay.
Okay I'll listen!
- You'll do more than that.
You're mine now.
I own you.
You work for me.
- Yes. master.
- As I was saying. I need something.
For centuries. I've
watched people searching
for a true leader and never finding one.
It is my destiny to rule.
And I will have vengeance upon this Earth
and all those who oppose me.
Those who know their place will help me
to build a better tomorrow.
- Yes. master.
What do you need from me?
- Spectrum!
- We've never faced anything like this.
- Now let's not panic.
The minute we start to panic
is when we might as well just give up.
Harrison is right.
- We still outnumber Sir Longbottom.
- Sir. with all due respect he killed Jay
without breaking a sweat.
Don't forget this guy has mind powers.
He can control people's thoughts
and the objects around him.
We don't have anything
that can go up against
something like that!
- I think we need to plan an attack
before the situation gets any worse.
The more agents we can get
to help us. the better.
- He'll know we're coming.
- We could set a trap.
- Sir Longbottom seems
like the kind of guy who
doesn't do anything himself
unless he absolutely needs to.
- I think a trap is a good place to start.
At least it's an idea.
The problem is...
- The problem is it's
an idea that won't work!
Look Diane. I'm sorry. but
I've seen this guy up close.
- That's enough.
Tomorrow. I will be
meeting with my assistants
and the other leaders of the agency.
I do think that what we do
next needs to happen soon.
But I wanna hear it from them first.
If they agree. then we can
agents from all over the country
to help us.
The last thing we need is for civilians
to find out about this when
people like Sir Longbottom
aren't supposed to exist.
- Yes sir.
- Jay?
- Such a shame.
You're dying.
How does it feel?
- Why are you doing this?
I thought you were dead.
- The lord has saved me.
Lord Longbottom.
Just close your eyes.
- Jay?
You're okay!
I thought you were dead.
- No. I'm fine.
- What are you doing?
Something's different.
- My master requires an item.
And I'm taking it.
- You're being controlled.
- It feels good.
Sir Longbottom is the gift to humanity!
- Jay put the shatter stick down.
You don't have to do this.
Stop him!
- What was that about?
I thought you said Jay was dead?
- Worse.
Sir Longbottom is controlling him.
- Did he try to kill you?
- Yes.
Without a mind of his own Jayden
just became very dangerous.
Boss! Hackawackie!
Boss!
Boss?
Anyone?
You gotta be kidding me.
It's disgusting.
- Ah! Excellent work my new apprentice.
I must admit.
I didn't expect you to
complete this task so quickly.
You are proving to be more
effective than the girl
or the fire pig.
Thank you master.
- Now. I want you to use the shatter stick
to go back in time.
to before Doctor Collin Fantom was killed.
Only then will you be
able to find Spectrum
before the genetic code was
altered into the Fantom Disease.
Understood.
- Once there. you must move quickly.
Show me the one's who want to destroy me!
Your friends can prepare all they want.
It makes no difference.
I think I'll crush their
bones into a fine powder.
Go. Now!
- There's a mountain nearby
with really high chemical readings.
At first I didn't think much about it.
Then satellite images showed Jay
coming around this side of the mountain.
- Maybe Sir Longbottom has a
secret hideout or something?
- There's only one way to find out.
- You wanna go there?
- It's a good place to start.
We don't know what Sir
Longbottom is planning.
but now he has the shatter stick.
- With the scanners picking
up these readings. if your
right. I'd say he's building weapons.
- Exactly why we need to hurry.
- I have a suggestion.
Two words.
Nitro Canon.
- Oh. I like this kid!
- Jayden!
What are you doing here?
- We need to talk.
- You don't look like my Jayden.
You look older?
Actually. you look like shit.
How are you doing. buddy?
- Nothing gets past you.
I am from the future.
In my timeline. Sir Longbottom
is controlling my mind
and attempting to take over the world.
- Longbottom.
He always did have big dreams. didn't he?
Spent the last few years
hiding in the shadows
and finally the Brit
decides to show himself.
- The sad thing is. I think he's been
working on his evil plan
since before this timeline.
and he sent me back in time
to steal Spectrum from you.
He sent you.
Jayden am I dead where you're from?
I'm afraid so.
Damn.
Look. I haven't
always been a good friend.
I've lied to you
and in only a few months
you're gonna lose everything
because of me.
I do not
like the sound of this.
I know now.
That what I did or will do. it's wrong.
I don't wanna die. Jayden.
I don't deserve to die!
We all have that fate.
We all have to face that day.
We've been through a lot together.
I can't stop Sir Longbottom alone.
- Why don't you just get
Mark or Diane to help you?
- Because I came here to tell you.
that I'm sorry.
- Damn you.
You know what the funny thing is Jayden.
I can't even be mad at you.
I guess I will later. but.
We've always been brothers.
I see you're still
wearing that stupid hat.
- Everyday.
- You know. I don't even
remember why I gave that to you.
I do.
That's what matters.
- Fine. how can I help you with all this?
I need you
to give Diane a message.
- Okay.
- I think that if we go back in time
before Sir Longbotton drinks
from the fountain of youth.
that we can kill him.
- Isn't that how he got his powers?
Supposedly?
A side effect
from the fountain?
Yes.
- Why not just go back and kill him now?
- I have to go back to the future first.
'Cause if I kill him now.
then he never would have
sent me on this mission.
- You'll be stuck in an endless loop.
- Tell Diane to wait.
Tell her to wait until
she can't wait any longer.
This needs to be a last resort
because there's 400 years of
time we're tampering with.
Imagine what would happen
with just that one change.
- Okay. I'll tell her.
Is there anything else you'd like?
- Remember that memory gum?
Yeah.
- That you designed?
- What about it?
- I'm gonna need that.
- Why?
Because when I get back.
Sir Longbottom's gonna
control my mind again
and we can't let him know about this plan.
- Makes sense.
Now remember. you better take it now.
It only erases the last
10 minutes of your memory.
- Thank you. Collin.
- Good luck. buddy.
- Hello.
- I recognize you!
- I've never seen you before.
- You were that cutie with
Jayden and the other man.
You foolishly tried to
defeat the dark lord!
- How do you know that?
- My mind is connected to Sir Longbottom.
Everything he sees I see.
What I feel. he feels.
Pain or pleasure.
He'll be very pleased
when I bring you to him.
- That's not gonna happen.
- The dark lord has eyes everywhere.
If I fail. someone will take my place.
You can't even trust your friends.
- The dark lord. what is he Voldemort?
Wait! What did you say?
- Come with me kid.
No one can save you.
- What did he do?
- Now. tell me where he is.
- I'm not telling you anything.
- Where is he?
- Go to hell.
- Okay.
Okay. He keeps his weapons
in a cave just south of here.
Follow this trail and you'll
come to an abandoned shed.
Sometimes he works on new weapons there.
He knows you're coming.
You're dead.
- What happened?
- I don't know. master.
I don't remember.
- Did I lose control of you?
I'm having trouble reading your thoughts.
This concerns me.
Let's go back. but this
time we'll do it together.
Wait. I'm sensing something.
Show me the other side of the mountain.
Prepare yourself. my apprentice.
We have guests!
So glad you didn't just give up.
You know. when I killed
those other agents.
they begged for their lives.
Not you though.
You ran away!
- We all have off days.
- Coward!
- Now you're just making me mad.
Kyle. you're up.
- Marvelous!
- That was enough power
to blow up a small town.
- This is bad.
- Is that it?
Is that all you've got?
- Trevor!
- Jay. please.
- You should be proud boy.
I can see the fire in your eyes.
Burning! Growing!
But you've still got a lot
to learn about true power.
- What? Where am I?
Jay?
- What's going on?
- It's time.
What are you talking about?
What happened to you?
- Doesn't matter.
- Years ago Collin came to me
and said that you had
showed up with a plan
to stop Sir Longbottom.
- I did?
You said that if
we travel to the past to
before he drinks from the fountain
then we may be able to kill him.
I wanted to say something all this time.
We could have avoided all
the pain and death he caused.
but...
- But what?
- But you also said it
had to be a last resort.
If we do this we're gonna
change 400 years of history.
We don't know what could happen.
- I said all of this?
Yes. and then
had your memory wiped.
- If we're here then
you had no other choice.
- What is this?
Where are the others?
- Don't worry about them.
Jay.
- Whoever you are. you're not good enough.
- No. no. no.
This wasn't supposed to happen.
We're gonna get help. okay?
We're gonna get help.
There's not enough time.
Just look at me.
- No. don't say that. okay?
I'm not ready to say goodbye. please.
Don't say goodbye.
I love you Diane.
- Please stay with me.
Stay with me. Jay.
Jay. Jay.
You did it.
It cost you everything.
What am I supposed to tell everyone?
What about Lindsey. you
didn't even tell her.
It's not fair. Jay.
I'm gonna fix this. promise.
- Diane. what happened?
Come inside. are you okay?
- No.
Can Jay and I have some privacy please?
- Oh. uh yeah.
Don't mind me.
What is it?
- It's just really nice to see you.
- Wait. there's something
different about you.
- Look. before things get more complicated
I have to give you something.
Do you remember working
on the shatter stick?
- Um. Yeah.
- But Harrison and the scientists
they said it had to remain classified
so you never got to use it?
- Where are you going with this?
You stole it?
- Not exactly.
- Harrison is gonna fire you!
- Leave Harrison to me.
But listen. your life is
going to be cut short.
And I know that you don't wanna hear that
and I shouldn't even be telling you. but
promise you'll come visit me.
Because I need you in my life.
And we still have time
to be together here.
But where I'm from.
promise me!
- Oh. Of course.
Yeah!
- I have to go.
I love you so much.
- What just happened?
Was she from the future?
- Yes. she was.
- Is everything okay?
- I don't think so.
but I don't think I'm
supposed to say anything.
- If you're sure Jay.
- More than ever. I feel lost.
- Well I'm gonna change the topic.
While you two were talking
I got an interesting notification.
Remember the guy that Harrison listed
as the agency's number
one most wanted criminal?
The Viper Sniper?
- Well yeah.
What about him?
- Turns out a few agents
actually got some background
on the guy.
- All we knew before is
that he could shoot a gun.
- With ridiculous aim!
Seriously! This is good stuff.
He joined the military when he was 18.
he got married. he had a son.
And he left his family when
his son was only three.
- What happened to the wife?
- No idea until now.
Turns out she passed and
left the kid on the streets.
- That's too bad.
I know how hard it is
to grow up like that.
I wonder if he ever made it.
We have everything.
Social security number.
previous addresses. bank records.
we even have a name.
Oh yeah?
So. what is the Viper Sniper's real name?
- Jessie Doyle.
- Collin?
Is that you?
- Diane. you look terrible.
Is everything all right?
I've had quite a day.
But how are you. why are you...
- Here?
You look a little confused.
I can only assume that you and Jay
paid Sir Longbottom a visit.
Am I right?
- Sir who?
What are you guys talking about?
- Jay didn't make it.
- What?
That's terrible news.
I'm so sorry. Diane.
- It's okay.
I have a feeling we'll see him again soon.
But how are things here?
- Sad now. thanks.
Just found out my best friend is dead!
- A toast. to Jay!
A man who brought out the
best in everyone around him.
He was so full of love. it spilled over
and gave the rest of us a boost.
- Here. here!
- And lastly. a man that was
willing to give it all up.
so that we. I.
could have a second chance.
To Jay. one of the greats!
He was always
getting me in trouble.
I remember my
first day at The Academy.
He ran straight into me.
I remember one time
I tried to touch Jay's hat.
he pulled a gun on me.
Don't touch the hat!
Good evening. Boss.
- Boss?
- Yeah that's what
Pocketman said to call you.
You're in charge now. right?
- I was always in charge.
- Stop!
I'm trying to study here.
Trevor!
- Ow!
What was that for?
- How do you like it?
- I thought we were studying.
- Can't hurt to take a quick break.
Trevor!
Just stay back. sweetie.
It's been too long.
How long has it been?
Like two weeks.
See. like I said!
Check out my new fire pack.
Now it's a party.
Cool. huh?
I've been working on this bad boy for...
What do you want?
Look what's that?
Burn!
That's not fair.
What are we
gonna do with this guy?
Let's tie him up
and put him in the garage.
That's what Jay would do.
We're going for a walk
did you wanna come with us?
- No. it's late.
I was gonna head home soon.
- Are you sure?
- Come on.
I'm gonna explain functions
of a complex variable
and bilinear transformation.
I'm excited!
- I think I'll pass.
You two have fun.
- Oh geez. you startled me.
- I'm sorry.
I didn't think anyone was awake.
- Is everything okay?
- Of course.
Now off to bed.
- Shit!
I have to do this tonight.
Where is he?
- Have to do what Freddie?
Who are you talking to?
- What's going on out here?
What are you doing Fred?
- It's finally time for
a change around here.
Glorious!
Long live the Viper.